docs: add Gateway Discovery to README.md (#3664)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: README.md

  Protect your services using authentication methods of your choice.
- **Declarative configuration for Kong**
  Configure all of Kong using CRDs in Kubernetes and manage Kong declaratively.
- **Gateway Discovery**

>   Dynamically provision and scale your Kong Gateway deployments for KIC to discover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  KIC monitors your Kong Gateway deployment and pushes configuration to all replicas.
```

Original wording suggests that KIC is actually scaling the gateway deployment rather than KIC being able to manage dynamic scale deployments (where scale/replica count is still managed externally).
